README.md, before:

# OpsDec

> **100% vibe coded** - Built with AI assistance and good vibes 🤖✨

> [!WARNING]
> **Early Development Software** - OpsDec is currently in active development and testing. While functional, you may encounter bugs or incomplete features. Use in production environments at your own risk. Feedback and contributions are welcome!

A modern, self-hosted media server monitoring and statistics platform inspired by Tautulli. Track your Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, and Sappho server activity with real-time monitoring, detailed statistics, and a beautiful dark-themed interface.

![OpsDec](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.0-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ready-blue)
[![Docker Image](https://ghcr-badge.egpl.dev/mondominator/opsdec/latest_tag?trim=major&label=latest)](https://github.com/mondominator/opsdec/pkgs/container/opsdec)

## Features

- 📊 **Real-time Activity Monitoring** - Track current playback sessions in real-time
- 📈 **Detailed Statistics** - View comprehensive statistics for users and media
- 👥 **User Management** - Monitor individual user activity and watch history with user mapping across servers
- 📜 **Watch History** - Complete history of all playback sessions
- 🎨 **Tautulli-inspired UI** - Dark, modern interface with smooth animations
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Fully optimized mobile interface with touch-friendly controls
- 🔌 **Multi-Server Support** - Supports Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, and Sappho
- 🐳 **Docker Ready** - Easy deployment with Docker and Docker Compose
- 🚀 **Fast & Lightweight** - Built with React and Express.js
- 💾 **SQLite Database** - Simple, file-based database with no external dependencies
- 🎯 **User Mapping** - Consolidate the same user across different media servers

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- Node.js with Express.js
- SQLite3 with better-sqlite3
- WebSocket for real-time updates
- Node-cron for scheduled tasks
- Axios for API calls

### Frontend
- React 18
- Vite for fast development
- TailwindCSS for styling
- Recharts for data visualization
- React Router for navigation
- Lucide React for icons

## Prerequisites

- **For Docker:** Docker and Docker Compose
- **For Manual Install:** Node.js 18.0.0 or higher
- **Media Server:** Plex Media Server, Emby Media Server, Audiobookshelf, and/or Sappho with API access

## Installation

### Option 1: Unraid (Easiest)

If you're running Unraid, you can install OpsDec using the Community Applications plugin:

1. **Install from Community Applications** (when available):
   - Open Unraid's **Apps** tab
   - Search for "OpsDec"
   - Click **Install**

2. **Or install manually using the template URL**:
   - Go to the **Docker** tab in Unraid
   - Click **Add Container**
   - At the bottom, toggle **"Template repositories"**
   - Paste this URL: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mondominator/opsdec/main/opsdec-unraid-template.xml`
   - Click **Save**
   - Find "OpsDec" in your template list and click it
   - Configure your media server settings
   - Click **Apply**

3. **Configure your servers**:
   - Fill in the URLs and API keys/tokens for your media servers (Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, Sappho)
   - You can leave servers blank if you don't use them
   - Choose your preferred **Repository Tag** (latest, 0.1.0, or date-based for stability)

4. Access OpsDec at `http://[UNRAID-IP]:3001`

### Option 2: Docker (Recommended)

The easiest way to run OpsDec is with Docker. Pre-built images are automatically published to GitHub Container Registry.

#### Using Pre-built Image from GitHub Container Registry

Pre-built images are available with multiple tags for version pinning:

- **Latest (main branch)**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:latest`
- **Date-based**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:20251118` (format: YYYYMMDD)
- **Commit SHA**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:main-abc1234`
- **Semantic versions**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:1.0.0` (when releases are tagged)

**Recommended for production**: Use date-based or version tags instead of `latest` for stability.

#### Using Docker Compose

1. Create a `docker-compose.yml` file or use the provided one
2. Create a `.env` file with your configuration:

```env
# Plex Configuration (optional)
PLEX_URL=http://your-plex-server:32400
PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token

# Emby Configuration (optional)
EMBY_URL=http://your-emby-server:8096
EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key

# Audiobookshelf Configuration (optional)
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://your-audiobookshelf-server:13378
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token

# Sappho Configuration (optional)
SAPPHO_URL=http://your-sappho-server:3000
SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key

# Polling interval (seconds)
POLL_INTERVAL=30
```

3. Start the container:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

4. Access at `http://localhost:3001`

#### Using Docker CLI

```bash
docker build -t opsdec .

docker run -d \
  --name opsdec \
  -p 3001:3001 \
  -v $(pwd)/data:/app/backend/data \
  -e PLEX_URL=http://your-plex-server:32400 \
  -e PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token \
  -e EMBY_URL=http://your-emby-server:8096 \
  -e EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key \
  -e AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://your-audiobookshelf-server:13378 \
  -e AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token \
  -e SAPPHO_URL=http://your-sappho-server:3000 \
  -e SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key \
  opsdec
```

### Option 3: Manual Installation

#### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mondominator/opsdec.git
cd opsdec
```

#### 2. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

This will install dependencies for both the backend and frontend using npm workspaces.

#### 3. Configure the backend

Create a `.env` file in the `backend` directory:

```bash
cp backend/.env.example backend/.env
```

Edit `backend/.env` with your configuration:

```env
# Server Configuration
PORT=3001
NODE_ENV=development

# Database
DB_PATH=./data/opsdec.db

# Plex Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
PLEX_URL=http://localhost:32400
PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token_here

# Emby Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
EMBY_URL=http://localhost:8096
EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key_here

# Audiobookshelf Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://localhost:13378
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token_here

# Sappho Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
SAPPHO_URL=http://localhost:3000
SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key_here

# Polling interval in seconds
POLL_INTERVAL=30
```

#### Getting your Plex Token:

1. Sign in to Plex Web App
2. Open any media item
3. Click the three dots (•••) → "Get Info"
4. Click "View XML"
5. In the URL, find `X-Plex-Token=xxxxx` - that's your token

**Alternative method:**
```bash
# Get token via curl (replace username and password)
curl -X POST \
  'https://plex.tv/users/sign_in.xml' \
  -H 'X-Plex-Client-Identifier: opsdec' \
  -d 'user[login]=your_email' \
  -d 'user[password]=your_password'
```
Look for `<authentication-token>` in the response.

#### Getting your Emby API Key:

1. Log into your Emby server
2. Go to **Settings** → **Advanced** → **API Keys**
3. Click **New API Key**
4. Enter "OpsDec" as the app name
5. Copy the generated API key

#### Getting your Audiobookshelf Token:

1. Log into your Audiobookshelf server
2. Click on your profile icon (top right)
3. Go to **Settings** → **Account**
4. Click **Generate New API Token**
5. Copy the generated token

#### Getting your Sappho API Key:

1. Log into your Sappho server
2. Go to **Settings** → **API Keys**
3. Click **Create New API Key**
4. Enter "OpsDec" as the name
5. Copy the generated API key

#### 4. Start the application

For development (runs both backend and frontend):

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start:
- Backend API server on `http://localhost:3001`
- Frontend development server on `http://localhost:3000`

## Multi-Server Configuration

OpsDec can monitor multiple media servers simultaneously using two methods:

### Environment Variables (Recommended for Docker)
Configure servers via environment variables in your `.env` file or `docker-compose.yml`:

- **Plex** - Set `PLEX_URL` and `PLEX_TOKEN`
- **Emby** - Set `EMBY_URL` and `EMBY_API_KEY`
- **Audiobookshelf** - Set `AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL` and `AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN`
- **Sappho** - Set `SAPPHO_URL` and `SAPPHO_API_KEY`

Environment variable servers will appear in the Settings UI as read-only with a special badge.

### UI Configuration
Add and manage servers directly through the Settings page:

1. Navigate to **Settings** in the web interface
2. Click **Add Server**
3. Fill in server details (type, name, URL, API key/token)
4. Click **Save Server**

**Note:** You can use both methods simultaneously. Environment variable servers and UI-configured servers will both appear in the Settings page. Environment variable servers are marked with an "Environment Variable" badge and cannot be edited or deleted through the UI.

Activity from all configured servers will be aggregated in a single dashboard.

## Production Deployment

### Docker Production (Recommended)

The Docker image is production-ready and has `NODE_ENV=production` set by default. No additional configuration needed!

### Manual Production Build

```bash
# Build the frontend
npm run build

# Set environment to production
export NODE_ENV=production

# Start the backend (will serve built frontend)
npm start
```

The backend automatically serves the frontend in production mode from the `/frontend/dist` directory.

## Project Structure

```
opsdec/
├── backend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── database/
│   │   │   └── init.js          # Database schema and initialization
│   │   ├── routes/
│   │   │   └── api.js           # API endpoints
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   │   ├── emby.js          # Emby API integration
│   │   │   ├── plex.js          # Plex API integration
│   │   │   ├── audiobookshelf.js # Audiobookshelf API integration
│   │   │   ├── sappho.js        # Sappho API integration
│   │   │   └── monitor.js       # Activity monitoring service
│   │   └── index.js             # Express server and WebSocket
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── package.json
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   │   └── Layout.jsx       # Main layout component
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   │   ├── Dashboard.jsx    # Dashboard with stats
│   │   │   ├── Activity.jsx     # Current activity view
│   │   │   ├── History.jsx      # Watch history
│   │   │   ├── Users.jsx        # User list
│   │   │   └── UserDetail.jsx   # Individual user stats
│   │   ├── utils/
│   │   │   ├── api.js           # API client
│   │   │   └── format.js        # Formatting utilities
│   │   ├── App.jsx
│   │   ├── main.jsx
│   │   └── index.css
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── vite.config.js
│   ├── tailwind.config.js
│   └── package.json
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## Features Overview

### Dashboard
- Live activity counter
- Total plays and users statistics
- 30-day play history chart
- Top users by watch time
- Most watched content
- Current streaming sessions

### Current Activity
- Real-time view of active playback sessions
- Progress tracking with visual indicators
- Playback state (playing/paused/buffering)
- User information and timestamps
- Auto-refresh every 3 seconds

### Watch History
- Complete history of all playback sessions
- Advanced search functionality (title, show, username)
- Multi-filter system (user, server, media type)
- Flexible pagination (25, 50, 100, 250 items per page)
- Sortable columns (all 7 columns)
- Media thumbnails and metadata
- Completion percentage tracking
- Server identification with logos

### User Statistics
- Individual user profiles
- Total plays and watch time
- Watch distribution by media type
- Recent watches
- Most watched content
- Activity timeline

## API Endpoints

### Activity
- `GET /api/activity` - Get current active sessions

### History
- `GET /api/history` - Get watch history (supports pagination and user filtering)

### Users
- `GET /api/users` - Get all users
- `GET /api/users/:userId/stats` - Get detailed user statistics

### Statistics
- `GET /api/stats/dashboard` - Get dashboard statistics

### Media Servers
- `GET /api/emby/test` - Test Emby connection
- `GET /api/emby/libraries` - Get Emby libraries
- `GET /api/media/recent` - Get recently added media from all servers

### WebSocket
- `ws://localhost:3001/ws` - Real-time activity updates

## Future Plans

### Additional Features
- [ ] Jellyfin support
- [ ] Notifications (Discord, Email, etc.)
- [ ] Custom dashboard widgets
- [ ] Export statistics to CSV/JSON
- [x] Mobile-responsive design - Fully optimized!
- [ ] Dark/Light theme toggle
- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Date range filtering for history
- [x] User mapping across servers - Implemented!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this project for personal or commercial purposes.

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [Tautulli](https://tautulli.com/) - the excellent monitoring tool for Plex
- Built with modern web technologies and best practices
- Thanks to the Emby community for their excellent API documentation

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions:
1. Check the [Issues](../../issues) page
2. Create a new issue with detailed information
3. Include logs from both backend and frontend

## Screenshots

### Dashboard
The main dashboard provides an overview of your media server activity with real-time statistics, charts, and current streaming sessions.

### Current Activity
Monitor live playback sessions with detailed information about what users are watching, playback progress, and streaming state.

### User Statistics
Deep dive into individual user activity with comprehensive statistics, watch patterns, and favorite content.

---

**Happy monitoring!** 🎬📊

Commit message:

Fix Unraid template installation instructions
Corrected the manual installation steps to match actual Unraid workflow:
- Add template repository URL in Settings → Docker
- Template URL should be the directory path, not the XML file
- Then select OpsDec from the template dropdown when adding container

README.md, after:

# OpsDec

> **100% vibe coded** - Built with AI assistance and good vibes 🤖✨

> [!WARNING]
> **Early Development Software** - OpsDec is currently in active development and testing. While functional, you may encounter bugs or incomplete features. Use in production environments at your own risk. Feedback and contributions are welcome!

A modern, self-hosted media server monitoring and statistics platform inspired by Tautulli. Track your Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, and Sappho server activity with real-time monitoring, detailed statistics, and a beautiful dark-themed interface.

![OpsDec](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.0-blue)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-ready-blue)
[![Docker Image](https://ghcr-badge.egpl.dev/mondominator/opsdec/latest_tag?trim=major&label=latest)](https://github.com/mondominator/opsdec/pkgs/container/opsdec)

## Features

- 📊 **Real-time Activity Monitoring** - Track current playback sessions in real-time
- 📈 **Detailed Statistics** - View comprehensive statistics for users and media
- 👥 **User Management** - Monitor individual user activity and watch history with user mapping across servers
- 📜 **Watch History** - Complete history of all playback sessions
- 🎨 **Tautulli-inspired UI** - Dark, modern interface with smooth animations
- 📱 **Mobile Responsive** - Fully optimized mobile interface with touch-friendly controls
- 🔌 **Multi-Server Support** - Supports Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, and Sappho
- 🐳 **Docker Ready** - Easy deployment with Docker and Docker Compose
- 🚀 **Fast & Lightweight** - Built with React and Express.js
- 💾 **SQLite Database** - Simple, file-based database with no external dependencies
- 🎯 **User Mapping** - Consolidate the same user across different media servers

## Tech Stack

### Backend
- Node.js with Express.js
- SQLite3 with better-sqlite3
- WebSocket for real-time updates
- Node-cron for scheduled tasks
- Axios for API calls

### Frontend
- React 18
- Vite for fast development
- TailwindCSS for styling
- Recharts for data visualization
- React Router for navigation
- Lucide React for icons

## Prerequisites

- **For Docker:** Docker and Docker Compose
- **For Manual Install:** Node.js 18.0.0 or higher
- **Media Server:** Plex Media Server, Emby Media Server, Audiobookshelf, and/or Sappho with API access

## Installation

### Option 1: Unraid (Easiest)

If you're running Unraid, you can install OpsDec using the Community Applications plugin:

1. **Install from Community Applications** (when available):
   - Open Unraid's **Apps** tab
   - Search for "OpsDec"
   - Click **Install**

2. **Or install manually from the template**:
   - Go to **Settings** → **Docker**
   - Under **Template repositories**, add this URL:
     ```
     https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mondominator/opsdec/main/
     ```
   - Click **Save**
   - Go to the **Docker** tab
   - Click **Add Container**
   - Select **OpsDec** from the template dropdown

3. **Configure your servers**:
   - Fill in the URLs and API keys/tokens for your media servers (Plex, Emby, Audiobookshelf, Sappho)
   - You can leave servers blank if you don't use them
   - Choose your preferred **Repository Tag** (latest, 0.1.0, or date-based for stability)

4. Access OpsDec at `http://[UNRAID-IP]:3001`

### Option 2: Docker (Recommended)

The easiest way to run OpsDec is with Docker. Pre-built images are automatically published to GitHub Container Registry.

#### Using Pre-built Image from GitHub Container Registry

Pre-built images are available with multiple tags for version pinning:

- **Latest (main branch)**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:latest`
- **Date-based**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:20251118` (format: YYYYMMDD)
- **Commit SHA**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:main-abc1234`
- **Semantic versions**: `ghcr.io/mondominator/opsdec:1.0.0` (when releases are tagged)

**Recommended for production**: Use date-based or version tags instead of `latest` for stability.

#### Using Docker Compose

1. Create a `docker-compose.yml` file or use the provided one
2. Create a `.env` file with your configuration:

```env
# Plex Configuration (optional)
PLEX_URL=http://your-plex-server:32400
PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token

# Emby Configuration (optional)
EMBY_URL=http://your-emby-server:8096
EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key

# Audiobookshelf Configuration (optional)
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://your-audiobookshelf-server:13378
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token

# Sappho Configuration (optional)
SAPPHO_URL=http://your-sappho-server:3000
SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key

# Polling interval (seconds)
POLL_INTERVAL=30
```

3. Start the container:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

4. Access at `http://localhost:3001`

#### Using Docker CLI

```bash
docker build -t opsdec .

docker run -d \
  --name opsdec \
  -p 3001:3001 \
  -v $(pwd)/data:/app/backend/data \
  -e PLEX_URL=http://your-plex-server:32400 \
  -e PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token \
  -e EMBY_URL=http://your-emby-server:8096 \
  -e EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key \
  -e AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://your-audiobookshelf-server:13378 \
  -e AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token \
  -e SAPPHO_URL=http://your-sappho-server:3000 \
  -e SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key \
  opsdec
```

### Option 3: Manual Installation

#### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mondominator/opsdec.git
cd opsdec
```

#### 2. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

This will install dependencies for both the backend and frontend using npm workspaces.

#### 3. Configure the backend

Create a `.env` file in the `backend` directory:

```bash
cp backend/.env.example backend/.env
```

Edit `backend/.env` with your configuration:

```env
# Server Configuration
PORT=3001
NODE_ENV=development

# Database
DB_PATH=./data/opsdec.db

# Plex Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
PLEX_URL=http://localhost:32400
PLEX_TOKEN=your_plex_token_here

# Emby Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
EMBY_URL=http://localhost:8096
EMBY_API_KEY=your_emby_api_key_here

# Audiobookshelf Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL=http://localhost:13378
AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN=your_audiobookshelf_token_here

# Sappho Configuration (optional - leave blank if not using)
SAPPHO_URL=http://localhost:3000
SAPPHO_API_KEY=your_sappho_api_key_here

# Polling interval in seconds
POLL_INTERVAL=30
```

#### Getting your Plex Token:

1. Sign in to Plex Web App
2. Open any media item
3. Click the three dots (•••) → "Get Info"
4. Click "View XML"
5. In the URL, find `X-Plex-Token=xxxxx` - that's your token

**Alternative method:**
```bash
# Get token via curl (replace username and password)
curl -X POST \
  'https://plex.tv/users/sign_in.xml' \
  -H 'X-Plex-Client-Identifier: opsdec' \
  -d 'user[login]=your_email' \
  -d 'user[password]=your_password'
```
Look for `<authentication-token>` in the response.

#### Getting your Emby API Key:

1. Log into your Emby server
2. Go to **Settings** → **Advanced** → **API Keys**
3. Click **New API Key**
4. Enter "OpsDec" as the app name
5. Copy the generated API key

#### Getting your Audiobookshelf Token:

1. Log into your Audiobookshelf server
2. Click on your profile icon (top right)
3. Go to **Settings** → **Account**
4. Click **Generate New API Token**
5. Copy the generated token

#### Getting your Sappho API Key:

1. Log into your Sappho server
2. Go to **Settings** → **API Keys**
3. Click **Create New API Key**
4. Enter "OpsDec" as the name
5. Copy the generated API key

#### 4. Start the application

For development (runs both backend and frontend):

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start:
- Backend API server on `http://localhost:3001`
- Frontend development server on `http://localhost:3000`

## Multi-Server Configuration

OpsDec can monitor multiple media servers simultaneously using two methods:

### Environment Variables (Recommended for Docker)
Configure servers via environment variables in your `.env` file or `docker-compose.yml`:

- **Plex** - Set `PLEX_URL` and `PLEX_TOKEN`
- **Emby** - Set `EMBY_URL` and `EMBY_API_KEY`
- **Audiobookshelf** - Set `AUDIOBOOKSHELF_URL` and `AUDIOBOOKSHELF_TOKEN`
- **Sappho** - Set `SAPPHO_URL` and `SAPPHO_API_KEY`

Environment variable servers will appear in the Settings UI as read-only with a special badge.

### UI Configuration
Add and manage servers directly through the Settings page:

1. Navigate to **Settings** in the web interface
2. Click **Add Server**
3. Fill in server details (type, name, URL, API key/token)
4. Click **Save Server**

**Note:** You can use both methods simultaneously. Environment variable servers and UI-configured servers will both appear in the Settings page. Environment variable servers are marked with an "Environment Variable" badge and cannot be edited or deleted through the UI.

Activity from all configured servers will be aggregated in a single dashboard.

## Production Deployment

### Docker Production (Recommended)

The Docker image is production-ready and has `NODE_ENV=production` set by default. No additional configuration needed!

### Manual Production Build

```bash
# Build the frontend
npm run build

# Set environment to production
export NODE_ENV=production

# Start the backend (will serve built frontend)
npm start
```

The backend automatically serves the frontend in production mode from the `/frontend/dist` directory.

## Project Structure

```
opsdec/
├── backend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── database/
│   │   │   └── init.js          # Database schema and initialization
│   │   ├── routes/
│   │   │   └── api.js           # API endpoints
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   │   ├── emby.js          # Emby API integration
│   │   │   ├── plex.js          # Plex API integration
│   │   │   ├── audiobookshelf.js # Audiobookshelf API integration
│   │   │   ├── sappho.js        # Sappho API integration
│   │   │   └── monitor.js       # Activity monitoring service
│   │   └── index.js             # Express server and WebSocket
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── package.json
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   │   └── Layout.jsx       # Main layout component
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   │   ├── Dashboard.jsx    # Dashboard with stats
│   │   │   ├── Activity.jsx     # Current activity view
│   │   │   ├── History.jsx      # Watch history
│   │   │   ├── Users.jsx        # User list
│   │   │   └── UserDetail.jsx   # Individual user stats
│   │   ├── utils/
│   │   │   ├── api.js           # API client
│   │   │   └── format.js        # Formatting utilities
│   │   ├── App.jsx
│   │   ├── main.jsx
│   │   └── index.css
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── vite.config.js
│   ├── tailwind.config.js
│   └── package.json
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## Features Overview

### Dashboard
- Live activity counter
- Total plays and users statistics
- 30-day play history chart
- Top users by watch time
- Most watched content
- Current streaming sessions

### Current Activity
- Real-time view of active playback sessions
- Progress tracking with visual indicators
- Playback state (playing/paused/buffering)
- User information and timestamps
- Auto-refresh every 3 seconds

### Watch History
- Complete history of all playback sessions
- Advanced search functionality (title, show, username)
- Multi-filter system (user, server, media type)
- Flexible pagination (25, 50, 100, 250 items per page)
- Sortable columns (all 7 columns)
- Media thumbnails and metadata
- Completion percentage tracking
- Server identification with logos

### User Statistics
- Individual user profiles
- Total plays and watch time
- Watch distribution by media type
- Recent watches
- Most watched content
- Activity timeline

## API Endpoints

### Activity
- `GET /api/activity` - Get current active sessions

### History
- `GET /api/history` - Get watch history (supports pagination and user filtering)

### Users
- `GET /api/users` - Get all users
- `GET /api/users/:userId/stats` - Get detailed user statistics

### Statistics
- `GET /api/stats/dashboard` - Get dashboard statistics

### Media Servers
- `GET /api/emby/test` - Test Emby connection
- `GET /api/emby/libraries` - Get Emby libraries
- `GET /api/media/recent` - Get recently added media from all servers

### WebSocket
- `ws://localhost:3001/ws` - Real-time activity updates

## Future Plans

### Additional Features
- [ ] Jellyfin support
- [ ] Notifications (Discord, Email, etc.)
- [ ] Custom dashboard widgets
- [ ] Export statistics to CSV/JSON
- [x] Mobile-responsive design - Fully optimized!
- [ ] Dark/Light theme toggle
- [ ] User authentication
- [ ] Date range filtering for history
- [x] User mapping across servers - Implemented!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License - feel free to use this project for personal or commercial purposes.

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by [Tautulli](https://tautulli.com/) - the excellent monitoring tool for Plex
- Built with modern web technologies and best practices
- Thanks to the Emby community for their excellent API documentation

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions:
1. Check the [Issues](../../issues) page
2. Create a new issue with detailed information
3. Include logs from both backend and frontend

## Screenshots

### Dashboard
The main dashboard provides an overview of your media server activity with real-time statistics, charts, and current streaming sessions.

### Current Activity
Monitor live playback sessions with detailed information about what users are watching, playback progress, and streaming state.

### User Statistics
Deep dive into individual user activity with comprehensive statistics, watch patterns, and favorite content.

---

**Happy monitoring!** 🎬📊
